---
title: About
layout: page
slug: about
description: "What is this place and who are you?"
---

# About

Normally, people click on the **About** link on a site's navigation bar to find out more about it. I generally attempt to uphold an aura of mystery when I post online, and this is surely no exception. 

In other words, I am too lazy to write a long biography about myself, and am far too unmotivated to write what the purpose of this site is.  

For the sake of categorization, I intend for this site to be half a blog documenting my interests and adventures, with the remaining portion a showcase of what I've worked on. 

*So why the name?* For someone who isn't a fatalist, why should I be compelled to name this site and its corresponding domain "**kismetik**"? I'll have to get back to you on that...  

## The Author

I am officially a student of *anthropology* and *molecular biology*, but in the never-ending effort to become a polymath (an unlikely reality) I endeavour to explore other disciplines and areas of knowledge. Among these seemingly disparate interests is computer science and bookbinding.  

It will probably take another lifetime to achieve all that I want to do, particularly the *world domination* thing I've been planning for awhile in my head.  

## Technical

If, like me, you're one of those weirdos who are curious about what kind of systems people use, then here is some information as outputted by archey. 

<pre>
               +                OS: Arch Linux i686
               #                Hostname: ilikeeggs
              ###               Kernel Release: 3.1.1-1-ARCH
             #####              Uptime: 5:58
             ######             WM: DWM
            ; #####;            DE: None
           +##.#####            Packages: 708
          +##########           RAM: 489 MB / 1947 MB
         #############;         Processor Type: Intel(R) Pentium(R) Dual CPU T3400 @ 2.16GHz
        ###############+        $EDITOR: vim
       #######   #######        Root: 3.6G / 23G (15%) (ext4)
     .######;     ;###;`".      Albums in MPD database: 206
    .#######;     ;#####.       
    #########.   .########`     
   ######'           '######    
  ;####                 ####;   
  ##'                     '##    
 #'                         `#
</pre>

## Site

This here thing is powered by [Jekyll](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll), a *static site generator*. The source is found on [github](https://github.com/spo11/kismetik-jekyll). 
